---
layout: post
title:  My 2020 OKRs
date:   2020-01-14 08:00:00
categories: okrs
comments: true
---

I learned about [OKRs](https://medium.com/startup-tools/okrs-5afdc298bc28) in 2019, and since then have come to appreciate them. They’re simple: come up with one high-level **Objective** you’d like to accomplish, then come up with separate, measurable **Key Results** that indicate whether you’ve hit your objective or not.

This year I switched from standard New Years' goals to OKRs. This adds more visibility into whether I’m on track to reach my goals or not. To track my progress on these OKRs I use [Strides](https://www.stridesapp.com), an app for iOS.

Below are my three Objectives for 2020, along with their corresponding Key Results. All Key Result end dates are December 31st, 2020.

## Objective: Build more side projects
I will build out a portfolio of side projects to stay sharp in my software development skills.

### Key Results
* Release three new open-source projects.
* Release one deployed web project.
* Release one mobile app (iOS or Watch) on the App Store.
* Release one integration (Slack bot, browser extension).
* Make $1 on any project.

## Objective: Be a more healthy person
I will be a more healthy person physically and mentally.

### Key Results
* Exercise (walk/run/bike) 3 times per week.
* Meditate 5 minutes a day 4 days per week.
* Lose 5 lbs.

## Objective: Be more engaged with the community
I will be more engaged with the software development community to grow a following and establish myself as a figure in the software development field.

### Key Results
* Write one blog post per month.
* Give one talk at a local meetup.
* Increase Twitter follower count to 500.
